Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al
Kevin: My name is Kevin, and Pokopia, cuz I'm on it
Al: and we're here today to talk about cottage core games.
Al: You have never missed two bookopia episodes. How do you feel about that?
Kevin: Well, I that just means I have to make up for it. That's all that means yeah, yeah, that's correct
Al: Is that how that works? Is that what the greenhouse episode is for?
Kevin: Yeah, tune in for the our bold and experiment why I greenhouse where I
Kevin: record and insert myself into old episodes, just uh.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: just even the count. I love the the the the the meme image of the the
Al: Go dear.
Al: All right.
Al: Oh, wait.
Kevin: kid or whatever with the sign of the people talking, you know, like the exact
Kevin: like their friends. Yeah, that's what we're gonna do. Um.
Al: I thought you were going to be talking about the, it's always been meme and it's just like,
Al: "Oh, Kevin's been on this episode, always has been."
Kevin: Yeah, that works too. And just replace the astronauts with the second astronaut with like the
Kevin: Pocopi astronaut, we're good. What?
Al: All right, we don't have a specific main topic to talk about. We've got some news to talk about,
Al: I'm sure Kevin will have.
Al: We'll have some poker PS stuff to talk about as well. We'll just we'll see how it goes.
Kevin: very nice for you to pre-fill my what have I been up to yeah I mean yeah
Al: Um.
Al: Book up. Yeah. All right. Well, Kevin, why have you been up to?
Kevin: like it's it's been hoke copia I have I've been getting I think it back into
Kevin: Zen this is on zero I have tested that oh that's on a different system that's
Kevin: That's why it's easy to not exit out of book.
Al: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: But yeah, I've been catching up.
Kevin: I'm mostly preparing because we're getting the guess 3.0 update when they're bigger updates.
Kevin: A whole new story arc is coming, so I'm excited for that.
Kevin: We're going to a city in the sky and I don't know what that's up.
Kevin: What's up with that, but all right, I'm down for that.
Kevin: Have I shown you what a big boo is?
Kevin: Well.
Al: I don't recognize the name.
Kevin: Yeah, I let me show you.
Kevin: So it's kind of like the mascot for zen the zone zero.
Al: It's always something when Kevin shows me something.
Kevin: They have.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, so they're actually quite adorable.
Al: I'm looking forward to this.
Kevin: They are robotic creatures here.
Kevin: I'm trying to show you the link here.
Kevin: But no, that's not the right link.
Kevin: But yeah, they're these little robotic bunny creatures.
Kevin: And, and they're kind of like...
Kevin: a system to people, or do a little manual test, but they're also very cute and kind of pet-like.
Kevin: They're probably should start the episode thread. That's what I should do.
Kevin: So that's just one example. They come in all sorts of different outfits and flavors and designs.
Kevin: Anyways, so the rumors, the rumblings for this new storage arc, we're going to city in the sky.
Kevin: That is filled with these little guys which will be interesting a more
Kevin: little bit more than human sort of society yeah I don't know so that's
Kevin: gonna leave anyways in the zone zero there's a couple of characters coming
Kevin: out that I'm very excited for but I'll talk about that later because I've been
Kevin: playing that but yeah but it's most supercopies you know what I call
Kevin: Isle Delphine I probably should have renamed my cloud island but I mean that's
Kevin: that's the labor of love that we're doing I don't think it can compete with what
Kevin: Mike was doing. Mike had sounds really locked in and, uh,
Al: Oh man, you know, I got, I got, he showed me a little bit after the call that I can't, I can't talk about just now, because he's, he's doing it in a thing, uh, doing a thing with it.
Kevin: right, six.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: This is recording it. Yeah.
Al: Yeah, but it, it, yeah, it's going to be, you're, you're going to like it.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: I'm sure it's impressive to say the least. Yeah, I'm sure he was doing what I was playing for
Al: Yeah, yep.
Kevin: my second save. Well, you know, in a couple of years. But yeah, I mean, I'm like into the cloud,
Kevin: I was the deep pocopia talk now or do to say it for later on. But yeah, let's do that. Yeah,
Al: I guess or tell you what, tell you what, tell you what, tell you what, actually I'll do my what I've
Al: been up to first and then so I can so I can just have the what we've been up to and then the
Kevin: that's it. Yeah, all right.
Al: Pocopia section. Uh, so I have been not playing Pocopia because I'm done as I said in the last
Al: episode. Uh, although I will probably do some this week because of the save light. Oh, it's not this
Al: because it is next week. When does it start? Radi. Yeah. Thursday, Wednesday, Wednesday,
Kevin: It's like him for five or the mid next week. It's coming out. Yeah
Al: So I will probably just stop.
Al: I'm not going to be syncing a lot of extra time in that now.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: I've also not been playing because this apparently is the what I've not been up to section.
Al: I've not been playing Tomodat your life and I have a rant about this.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: I pre-ordered.
Kevin: That's out right first of all
Al: It is out.
Kevin: Okay
Al: It was out.
Al: As we're recording, it was a week and a half ago.
Al: When this episode comes out, it'll be out two weeks ago.
Kevin: Okay
Al: I pre-ordered this game, the physical version.
Al: I have a sneaking suspicion I'm not going to enjoy the game and I'll want to get rid of it.
Al: So, that was like, I'm not spending that amount of money on a digital game that I'm going to play for 10 hours and record an episode and then never play it again.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: So, that's why I'm getting the physical copy.
Al: At least it comes around, I haven't had a notification that my game's been really sent.
Al: I'm like, "Hmm, that's weird."
Al: So, I send a little email to the people I bought from and they're like, "Ha, that's weird.
Al: I will get back to you."
Al: And then I got an email.
Al: Three days later, saying that the their copies apparently haven't arrived.
Al: And okay, great.
Al: So apparently now, after quite a lot of backward and back and forward,
Al: they are expected to get to them on Monday and get to me on Wednesday.
Kevin: Aww, you sick.
Al: So almost two weeks late.
Al: So I will, once I have my game in hand, I will be doing a little bit of the
Al: gamey and see if I can get any store credit.
Al: Because that's two weeks is quite a long time.
Al: Right.
Al: Like, I did not pay for like the super fast delivery.
Al: So I wasn't expecting a on release date.
Al: But like two weeks.
Al: That's quite a lot.
Kevin: Yeah, that's a lot that's rough. Well, what is this limited run games? No, now that would be two years. That's a day
Al: Yeah.
Al: But they don't tend to give you a date if they're not confident in it.
Al: That's the thing.
Al: So, I don't know where the Nintendo is to be.
Al: I'm not going to put them on blast because they are a small UK based retailer it's not one of the big ones so I feel bad being too negative a bit like yeah that's not great so I've not been playing time attached to life because of that which is frustrating.
Kevin: That's yeah, that's wall like that. I mean, I don't know what we didn't just not be either that just had done to your local
Kevin: I don't know Scottish
Al: my local wall I live at the Battle of nowhere
Kevin: hey, or
Kevin: Do you I don't know?
Al: I don't have a local anything so so part of the problem is and this is the this is where we get deep into into our lower so this is actually the company I bought my switch to from and that will work perfectly fine had no issues there but they had a special offer that you get 15 pound credit if you bought the switch to and a basically hadn't bought a physical game up till now since then so this was my oh I'm buying a physical game let me buy
Kevin: Oh
Al: them get 15 pounds off it so it's uh you know yeah exactly so I'm just at this point I'm just going to wait like I'm tempted maybe to like bring up the demo and try the demo for a bit yeah we'll see
Kevin: Okay, well, that's that's unfortunate. Um, yeah. I'm uh, yeah
Kevin: And it's probably, you know, well, does demo data carry over?
Al: I don't know, that's the one thing I haven't invested.
Al: I don't know, I'm seeing a lot of content online, so there obviously there you can't share
Al: big, you know screenshots and videos is clearly not working.
Kevin: [inaudible]
Al: I particularly enjoyed watching Princess Peach, Professor Love for Mario, and then Michael
Al: Jackson and Batman also professing their love for Mario.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Or when Glinda, Professor Love for Alpha Bat, and Shrek decided he's the one that Alpha
Al: Bonions.
Kevin: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha you'd be surprised
Al: Which feels a little bit, you know, a little bit racist there, you know, both green.
Al: Is that the only thing you have in common?
Al: So yeah, I'm enjoying all the content on my TikTok for you page, but haven't played the game yet.
Al: We'll see I mean I was never expecting to put a huge number of hours in any way
Al: So if I get it on Wednesday and we'll record next Saturday then that still gives me a few days to do it
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: But but we shall we shall see I guess
Al: If I need to delay the episode or delay the episode, we'll just we'll see here. It is hopefully I won't have to though
Al: So that's why I've not been playing. I've not really been playing much this week. I did actually
Kevin: Yeah, nuts.
Al: I had, I don't know whether I mentioned this in the podcast, I had a...
Al: three month game pass, pass subscription that I got, like six months ago, super cheap and I hadn't done it up till now and so I decided maybe now is the time to do it because this all last until like, you know, April, May, June, it's nearly the end of April, so we made June and then summer July, like that feels like I've reasonably good time peated to do it. So I've loaded that up, I booted up, which one was it?
Al: Like a dragon infinite wealth.
Kevin: Oh, dang, I didn't expect that one. Hello.
Al: So I haven't done much with it yet, but I have downloaded it and I've started kind of walking around and stuff and I guess we'll see where that takes me.
Kevin: Yeah, uh, is that your first like a dragon yakuza. Oh, that's it's actually a decent one to start with from what I understand
Kevin: Oh, I mean, yes, it's the newest but also like story wise like it was a fairly clean break in the last area, so
Al: Yeah, I'm also doing it for the Pokemon minigame.
Kevin: No, yeah, well that too, right
Al: So we'll see, we'll see. Yeah, everyone has a different opinion, which one you should start with.
Al: And so I went, well, let's go with the one with the Pokemon minigame in it and see what that's like.
Al: There's quite a lot of them on, on, on game pass.
Kevin: good times. Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. I'm going to game and the subscription price going down.
Kevin: That's wild. That's the first time I was, you know, subscription price go down. I think
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean, I think it's I think it's only going down because they're removing card
Kevin: ever in the history of my car. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That, you know,
Al: So
Al: Which I'm fine with because I was never gonna play any cards so charging me less money to not play a game that I'm never gonna play
Al: Great
Al: So yeah, I think that's pretty much it games wise. I've not really done a huge amount
Al: So I mean Pokemon go obviously and and pocket, you know my usuals
Kevin: Sure. Sure. I saw that. That's that's wild.
Al: I've actually got all of the cards in the car
Al: I don't think I ever are going to get a full set of shinies in any set, but that is the mood I've completed this now
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: No, man, it sounds like you're not dedicated.
Al: Alright, talk, PCOPIA, what's your what's your current current things?
Kevin: Um,
Kevin: Okay. So, um, honestly, I'll listen to Michael last week. I'm kind of in
Kevin: anyways, uh, some litter where he is. It's wild. Like, I've been playing this
Kevin: long. I poked with X is not even 200 yet. I think I'm close. I think I'm
Al: Oh, come on, get good.
Kevin: you're wondering. I know I really do need to. I found those slates. Um, and after
Kevin: listening to the last week's episode, it's like, well, you know, I'm gonna complete
Kevin: the slate, the little, the mural, but not, you know, trigger that. Um, so that
Kevin: way I just don't get 100 of the last, uh, you know, the slates or whatever. Um, which
Kevin: happen to be the z-slate.
Kevin: but anyway, so I've got that, so the thing is, I've been spending a lot of, there's two projects, I've been working on one, the cloud island, I've been doing with Mark, I don't know if you've seen it recently, I guess not since you're done with the game.
Al: I hope to want to be again was it last last Friday or something just before I stop.
Kevin: Okay, we do things bit like it, or whatever, but I've dug out a lot of things, but I've been doing it for a long time, so I've been doing it for a long time, so I've been doing it for a long time.
Kevin: I've got a whole sub, not a whole, I've dug out a subway line from one area to another, and I'll expand that over time, but that's kind of the plan, I build the subway, and then it's like to a beach, and so I don't know, okay, I'm going to build up this beach, you know,
Kevin: beach chairs, and habitats there, and the beach market, and so on and so forth, right? Yeah, so that's kind of the point, yeah, and then, you know, once I finish that area, we'll go to build the next one.
Al: Yeah, probably transport first.
Al: That's how that's how it was meant to go, you know?
Al: You'd get urban planning.
Kevin: So it's a subway stop, then another location, so on, but you know, obviously we're building out other stuff in the meanwhile, Mark is doing this very fun thing,
Kevin: actually because of the the spawn limit on Pokemon, he's building some more of the like free fabricated houses, so, so you can just stuff Pokemon in there that won't interfere as he sets from the spawns of other Pokemon he wants to see.
Al: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: So he's building like a mountainside village like built into the the cliff
Kevin: basically or the mountainside, kind of like the the playable people. It's very cool looking. He's doing great job with that. Yeah. And and I'm also trying to dig a cave, which is very, very hard. Like to make it look like a cave. I started with Volthord. I don't. I mean, imagine you haven't done it because that's a that's a big commitment to use Volthord's ability, but for people I'm familiar. Yeah.
Al: Yeah, I've, I've, I've not, I've not done anything directly with it, but I've
Kevin: Yeah. So very fun. Just straight up blow your Volthord into a cannon and literally blow up stuff. So I picked the mountain and blew up into the side of it. And that formed a pretty good starting point for a natural looking cave. But you know, trying to dig down and then building the panels out like it's it's a lot of work. Again, just to get it to look right. But well, you know, that's that's I mean, yeah, it's it's worth it eventually. It's going to be cool.
Kevin: There's a big challenge that Mark and I are thinking about you. We want to build the the legendary bird of the can't do structure and bird structures. Those things are massive. And so I've been wrestling with it. Like I think I might do an underground altar of fire. We might do the Arctic Luna one out on the ocean. If we can find a spot big enough.
Kevin: but somewhere but like it planning for that's crazy because they're so huge. And I know we can just like, I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah, it would be. We were also even thinking like a sky. I learned maybe like kind of like in shimmering silence. But we'll see how we'll get to there. It's just it's so big. And I know we can like undo it and break it down or whatever because we just literally want it for the spawn. But it's it's still a lot of planning even just.
Al: "Paripline up on Wellington" I think the "Paripline"
Kevin: clear this initial space for that. Um, but yeah, that's that's that's like the big stuff on my own like personal pallet town. Um, I've been. Oh my gosh, I've been at this for a while. I'm building what I call EV mansion. Um, just a huge mansion with rooms for all the EV evolutions. Um, and that has taught me a lot. Yes, of course. All right. Everyone gets their matching
Kevin: and carpet or whatever. But it teaches you a lot of interior design, I guess, or building
Kevin: these structures. Here's one of the big pain points. Okay, let's just say Umbreon. I'm building
Kevin: it with like a starry sky wall. It's a black wall with lots of pretty stars or whatever.
Kevin: Okay, but that's for like the wall. But the outside of that, I want it to look different. So I have
Kevin: the do basically two layer away.
Kevin: You can't use wallpapers on just your square house. It's only for the prefab. So if you want an interior space to look a certain way and you know still have an exterior look another way you got to do double thick walls.
Al: Of course, because the wall paper is just for the prefabtakes.
Kevin: And yeah, it is, yeah, I mean y'all mean shit.
Al: It's good for installation as well though, you need to try to keep them warm.
Al: That glacial.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I'm learning, you know, actual construction.
Kevin: And the same thing for floors and ceilings, right? If I'm doing two level or multi story building and you know I want Umbreon's carpet to look a certain way.
Kevin: Wow, I kind of want the ceiling underneath that room to look nice. So I have to do double level floor.
Kevin: But again, somewhat rude, actual construction. But it's just been a lot of lessons like it.
Kevin: So I have to respace things out and then move stuff around.
Kevin: Yeah, so it's a big project still very, very work in progress, but it's fun learning it and I guess just building a big opulent structures is kind of fun.
Kevin: And eventually like once I finish off all the rooms, I'm probably going to build like a courtyard probably where I'll build the tea party, you know in there with tables and everyone's snacks there.
Kevin: I'm already summing some of them, but...
Kevin: I'll probably just move all that stuff out there.
Kevin: Um, but still, and it's wild to think all this is still in just that one, like, starting island where you spawn on pallet.
Kevin: No, I haven't even branched out to the other islands to build other stuff.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Um, so there's still a lot of room for, for stuff.
Kevin: Like, I'm probably gonna move the legendary dogs out of my little shack in withered wastelands.
Kevin: To, uh, to palletown build them nice little houses.
Kevin: Um, yeah, it's a lot.
Kevin: There are these games, I mean, y'all.
Kevin: Being the dead horse, the game's infinite, really.
Kevin: I have a lot of plans and ideas, and seeing other plans and ideas just kind of motivates me more too.
Kevin: I saw a lot of the subway designed from one big guy who did it first, but that's fine.
Kevin: That's how things work, and design and are just taking, you know, change a little.
Kevin: So, yeah, so that's going on.
Kevin: Yeah, I wish, like the games are, oh, you know, the big thing.
Al: I was just about to say you've not mentioned the important thing.
Kevin: I, yeah, I completely forgot.
Kevin: I hadn't, I had not discussed it.
Kevin: It hadn't happened yet last time I was here.
Kevin: Um, it's finally, you know, over a month after release.
Kevin: I finally, finally got the foundation block recipe.
Kevin: Um, yeah, that was what it's wild.
Al: Significantly, I'm more than a month after this.
Kevin: wild. And not only that, it was actually one of the
Kevin: final recipes I've gotten. Um, I, uh, because yeah, I've
Kevin: gotten, uh, I've hit a point where I'm not getting
Kevin: recipes from shining spots anymore. And I'm not getting
Kevin: your recipes in my Pokemon Center. It's like, I just get,
Kevin: uh, I was a Pokemon medal in it. So that's what they
Kevin: give you instead. And it's smooth. I think I've realized
Kevin: like, I don't know, I have to dig dig bit into this
Kevin: to confirm. I don't think you can get a recipe for every
Kevin: object in the game. Like it's weird to see.
Al: Yeah, I think that's true
Kevin: But like, I shouldn't have put this. Obviously like, okay, let's just use one example, the arcade machine, like that's a furniture object that you can place. I don't have a recipe for that. And I wouldn't be surprised if you don't get a recipe for that. Like it's something you have to find or copy.
Kevin: But there's other stuff like, what was it? Mark, he built this, he built the building called out of something called the modern wall. It's like this cool brick.
Kevin: Kind of like stone kind of terracotta wall
Kevin: look and think I don't have that recipe I think I think there might even be more you know
Kevin: like whoa block types and the recipes you can get which like is weird to think about
Kevin: like if that you know that was their plan like you know see the different objects
Kevin: people can build using different things and you might not be able to have access to
Kevin: it all again I could be wrong I'll have to double check maybe I just missed it in my
Kevin: recipe list, I'll double check, but that's kind of uh...
Kevin: you know, kind of ballsy to make this kind of game and you can't actually build everything.
Kevin: Um, but like I said, a lot of that's unconfirmed.
Kevin: But I just know I haven't gotten a new recipe in like three, two or three days.
Kevin: Um, I just get the Pokemon ingots, um, but, uh, but yeah, it's wild.
Kevin: And also, I mean, it's, it was right after Foundation Block really, where like the pressure
Kevin: of not, you know, trying to check every spot and, and max so much my odds and all that.
Kevin: Oh, it's such a huge relief, not to happen.
Kevin: I'm so happy. But that foundation blocked. Yeah, like a week. I mean, you see that it's in gender bleak reach and I wanted to say it took this long. It was miserable, miserable, but but but I have it. I'm a, I'm a final form.
Al: I actually, um, a couple of weeks ago, I was walking past a house and I saw, like, it's one of
Al: those houses that's built on a, on a slope. So on one side, you can see the foundations quite high
Al: up off the ground. And I was like, that's really funny. The foundation looks, it's got the same
Al: colors as the foundation block in Pocopia. Let me find the picture and I'll send it to you.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, you're trying to real-house, right?
Al: A real house in real life. Yeah.
Kevin: What was it?
Al: Give me a minute.
Kevin: Life imitates art.
Kevin: Everything's stealing from Poco.
Kevin: Yeah, now.
Al: Let me try and find it because I took a picture of the time and then completely forgot and I've just remembered in this conversation, but I can't remember when it was that it happened.
Kevin: Gosh, it's not a wall. I'm sorry. I was just looking up the modern wall. I was talking to them out
Kevin: I think what's a recipe I just didn't buy from one okay, I said it
Kevin: Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Uh-huh
Kevin: All right, let's see what this all about. Um, what uh, let's see here. Oh my gosh. It does look like the the foundation. You see the two tones
Al: Yeah. And I think that's the pink is the default foundation
Kevin: man
Al: lot color. I know you can change you can paint it, but that's the
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: default one I think. And it was just really funny that I was like,
Kevin: Yeah, well, that's so good
Al: that looks so much like the foundation.
Kevin: It really does that's crazy and you know like so like one thing Micah said and and I'm the same thing like it's it's very
Kevin: Oh, I find it personally very hard to
Kevin: To like think of
Kevin: I'm over the lot of original ideas
Kevin: I guess let's say or you know things that look good or whatever right
Kevin: But then when you go out and see oh my gosh, I just did not buy the modern wall
Kevin: I'm pretty. Oh my gosh. There's all these recipes and but I'm crazy. Um
Kevin: Anyways, um
Al: Yeah, maybe you're not, you're not getting them in the sparkling spots, but they're available.
Kevin: Yeah, they are, they're available on the Pokemon Center,
Kevin: like the unlocks from the environment level.
Kevin: Wow, there's a lot here, I guess.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Good job, me.
Kevin: It's buying it all right now.
Kevin: But anyway, so yeah, as I've building this EV mansion
Kevin: and the subway system and the beach market,
Kevin: like I'm starting to turn to references
Kevin: and not just like other people's bokopia builds,
Kevin: like real life stuff too, like I just looked up,
Kevin: with all of that, like a real life.
Kevin: So yeah, that's me getting my, my,
Kevin: I guess the architectural interior design to go,
Kevin: I don't know, whatever, I'm learning IRL here,
Kevin: thanks to bokopia, just wild, because, you know,
Kevin: all the tools they've given you, like all the blocks
Kevin: and things, they're so detailed and they have so many
Kevin: possibilities, like, yeah, it helps to learn
Kevin: how to really use it from real world examples too,
Kevin: like, they were looking at real world examples
Kevin: when designing all this.
Al: If still not been to Dev Island, come on.
Kevin: Also, I've not been to Dev Island,
Kevin: I should probably go to Dev Island.
Kevin: No, I'm building on my own now.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: And IKEA Island.
Kevin: Like, oh, you didn't know what?
Al: I never went to Ikea Island.
Kevin: Oh, you know what, here's the painful part.
Kevin: I haven't been to Nike just period, I've never been to one.
Kevin: I know people are in pain hearing that,
Kevin: I'm sure I'm missing out.
Kevin: There's one in Atlanta,
Kevin: farther, far ish from where I am.
Kevin: It would require, you know, effort to go out there,
Kevin: let's say that, but I'll make the journey one day,
Kevin: maybe, kind of, look, I have Costco, I'm a Costco guy.
Kevin: Where's Costco Island?
Kevin: Where's there's that?
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Oh, man, oh my gosh, why did I miss this recipe?
Kevin: I'm so upset, I'm gonna change some paths.
Al: Well, at least you've found it now.
Kevin: I'm already thinking where I can use this modern,
Kevin: while it's very good.
Al: That's the important thing.
Kevin: Yeah, I did, looks like a giraffe, it's so good.
Al: Alright, anything else book up here to talk about just now.
Kevin: No, other, let's see, again, polka decks.
Kevin: I do wanna work on the polka decks, I guess.
Kevin: I don't know, it's fun seeing the spawns and all that,
Kevin: but I don't know, I just get so sidetracked.
Kevin: It's very easy to not do a thing.
Kevin: Like you say, it's sometimes, but that's all I got.
Al: Yeah. Alright, well, let's talk about some news then. We're doing things a little bit backwards.
Al: So we're going to we're going to finish off with the news rather than having it in the middle.
Al: So first up, we have Starstruck Vagabond. I did not spell that correctly in the show notes.
Al: Starstruck Vagabond have announced that they are now on PlayStation and Xbox,
Al: which the described as "when I run consoles", but I noticed that
Al: no switch, big mess for a cartridge core game.
Kevin: That's that's kind of
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: It really is
Kevin: Yeah, I don't let's say I'm like looking at the game. It feels like a switch even switch one could run this fight
Kevin: Um, yeah, I don't know. I played it. Um, but yeah, that's that's that's that they really I mean really
Kevin: Like the circle though the Venn diagram of switch owners or enjoyers and college core fans is
Kevin: There's a big middle area there, you know
Al: look, let's put it this way.
Al: Stardew got big because of PC and Switch.
Al: It did not get big because of PlayStation or Xbox.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, that's that's very true
Al: That's all I'm saying.
Al: Like I don't, I'm not saying you shouldn't
Al: put your games on those consoles.
Al: You know, I think they are obviously important.
Al: There's a lot of people playing them.
Al: But I think most people are not playing
Al: cottagecore games on those consoles.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I mean, they start there's certain kinds of people or enjoy certain genres definitely geared towards certain kind of a little others for sure.
Kevin: And you probably should consider that when making your ports or whatever. So it is strange, I'm sure they'll get there.
Al: Yeah, it's just the fact that they said we're on consoles, we're now on consoles. Not we are now on PlayStation and Xbox
Al: We are now like we're on consoles makes it sound like you're done adding to consoles don't you think?
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, I can see that. Yeah. Um, so weird
Al: But we'll see we'll see what happens
Kevin: It's an on-game pass optimize for Xbox Series X. Wow
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: But but but isn't the switch in Xbox
Al: Ooh.
Al: [laughs]
Al: Everything's an Xbox. It's set to the Switch.
Kevin: Except the
Al: [laughs]
Al: That's literally the one thing that's not an Xbox.
Kevin: Yeah, I hear they're killing
Al: Next.
Kevin: that campaign by the way now there you go
Al: I think they've already killed it.
Al: I think the question is whether they might be bringing it back or not,
Al: because they seem to be very confused on their branding.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: well yeah the damage is done I mean that statement is as unsuccessful for what they want
Kevin: and it's it's burned into the lexic
Al: This is this is the problem
Al: I think they can't decide whether they want to be a console company or not a console company
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: And so they do a bit of both and I think a bit of both is the worst possible option
Al: I think they either need to do or not
Al: And you know like you see Nintendo have been very successful doing it and lots of companies have been very successful not being console companies
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Like it's it's worked out pretty well for Sega, you know, they're still you know turning out bangers
Kevin: Hmm steam
Kevin: Wow, it worked out well because they didn't work out well for
Al: Yeah, well sure sure, but it but it did eventually, right?
Kevin: Yeah, no, I know I know I I'm just I'm just joking, but you're right. You're right. You're right. They're not a console company. You're gonna do great
Al: Long long term wise it is worked out pretty well for them though
Kevin: Yeah, absolutely
Al: They've got quite a few big franchises that are you know guaranteed to make a lot of money
Kevin: You just a handful.
Kevin: Yeah, I've heard people like them, Yakuza's and them Sonics.
Al: And I think do they do they not publish?
Kevin: And then just what did all together?
Al: Atlas games as well
Kevin: Yes, they are the Sega owns Atlas now, I believe.
Al: Or the own the cup the own them entirely who will there you go then
Kevin: I believe.
Kevin: Yeah, I believe so.
Kevin: In the Sonic movies, like, you know, they do their little Sega film intro.
Al: Yeah, yeah a subsidiary of Sega there you go
Kevin: yeah they like they have like a little like it's basically a collage of their
Kevin: I believe you can see persona in there yeah yep yeah sure yeah and that was
Al: They bought them back in 2013, so back before I'd even heard of Alice.
Kevin: a smart move so yeah this is why Joker is in the the sonic racing all
Kevin: cross-worlds all started whatever that game along with the Angry Birds and
Kevin: a yeah though
Al: Yeah, I mean, yeah, he's he's also in smash. So I'm not really sure.
Kevin: I know I know each he bonds in there too yeah no no I get it
Al: You can use that as a therefore it's owned by, you know, can you imagine each abandoned smash?
Al: No, yes, yes, I can. That's the thing. I absolutely can't imagine that. And that's the weird thing about smash.
Kevin: Yes, yes, absolutely. Yes
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, no, I'm I am sure
Kevin: Like I say go like how to shortlist. I'm sure icky bone was on there. Um
Al: Next stop, Ranch of Rivershine have released their 1.10.0.0 update.
Al: This adds controller support.
Al: I don't know why I was a ghost there, but we love controller support.
Kevin: But finally
Kevin: Boy do we I look I just didn't grow up with PC games by and large, so I'm not I don't do the why as the
Al: They've also added new breeds, an update to their genetics system.
Kevin: That's weird to say the here, but yes, I get it from to your genes
Al: Yeah
Al: Four new coat types with nine unique colors each so 27 new coats to get
Kevin: That's a lot. Have they you know, I'm just I'm just gonna curse this off. Have they will unveil their shiny coats yet. They're there. What was the one?
Al: [laughing]
Al: I am not aware of that.
Kevin: Radiant radiant coats. What is that?
Al: The radians, limbs and slime launcher.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's the way
Al: I am not aware of them having a shiny,
Kevin: Yeah
Al: but like all of the genetics have like a chance
Al: of different things.
Al: So it's not like specific things are really rare.
Al: It's like specific things are rarer in certain scenarios
Al: and more common in other scenarios.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: I eat genetics.
Kevin: Yeah, oh man
Al: I mean, that's just an over, vast, over simple.
Kevin: Yeah, I get it. I
Al: Don't come at me with your "that's not how genetics works!" Shut up.
Kevin: Think genetics systems in games is really cool. You know, creating offspring or whatever
Kevin: But it's also very unsettling when you think about it. Just a little too long
Kevin: Don't know worry about what your ethics
Kevin: So go out breed even more perfect horses with that one coat you want and you know, I'm joking all this but looks nice
Al: Uh, they've also, yes, they've also added a photo mode.
Kevin: They all look very nice. Actually, let's get
Kevin: It's cool
Kevin: All right, you know what? All right, you look like this is very solid. It's a very solid update. Good. Good for you
Kevin: But they didn't have someone already
Kevin: That's the whole point of making you're pretty horse
Kevin: That's crazy. I think oh, yeah, I guess so
Al: just screenshot it right. It's not like you're banned from taking screenshots.
Kevin: Um
Kevin: Yeah, but I'm sure like the the camera controls or whatever right to line it up
Al: Yeah well well that yeah sure and that's why they've added it in but like I can see why it
Al: wouldn't be like immediate because you know not every game needs a photo.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right. You're right. That's a good point
Kevin: Cool horses are cool. Do they have donkeys? There's something that look donkey is that's what they need. Where's where's that?
Kevin: Update river shiners the not horse, but basically horse. Where's our donkeys and zebra updates
Kevin: Oh
Al: I don't know what to say.
Kevin: One right a zebra
Al: Speaking of horses, speaking of horses.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Wait, that's a specific transition. I like it go for it
Al: Alia, have announced their next update.
Al: The Royal Highlands expansion comes out on the 12th of May, and it includes horses.
Kevin: Oh, wait, I'll get out man, like I'm just that feels like a basic one even just like one horse. I didn't realize it didn't have it.
Al: Heart says
Kevin: Oh, I guess I'm watching now. Yeah, which is again, in my opinion, like, I mean, it's it's two things because it's the one that's kind of
Al: I haven't watched the video so I don't know the specifics, but it does seem mounts have arrived
Al: So I'm guessing that they were not there
Kevin: MMOe, right? Paulia, is that, is that right? Yeah, mounts are kind of big in MMOe. I don't know if you know this, Al, but the MMOe players like their mounts and and the
Al: Yeah, it is an animal. Yeah
Kevin: College of Court people like their horses and mounts in general too. So kind of, yeah, okay, that took a while. A long while, I would argue, but there's a lot of humans, real humans in this video on
Kevin: those parts. There's horses. Look, that guy has a Charmander Funko pop on his desk. Then it's gonna
Al: Let's get the humans. We don't want the human...
Kevin: orbit strike this video. But, yeah, that's thoroughbreds. Is there, oh, that horse is cool. That's like a ghost's purity horse. I'm gonna screenshot this on or even if you're watching the video at 3.50, you can see it's
Kevin: spectraer from Pokemon, it's basically what it is, but with two eyes.
Kevin: Yeah, I was wondering, okay, adding horses, but you're going to take it up to 11, where's the other animals were things, I don't know, but there's at least a few.
Kevin: Well, good for you, Polya, again, took you a minute, but horses are cool, then useful in these sorts of ways.
Al: So obviously it's also including new areas, new story, new minerals, fish, insects, creatures, and more.
Al: And new villager and a bunch of other kind of smaller things as well, but I mean, let's be honest, if you've not played the game, the most important thing is horses.
Al: It's patches, it's patches, animal hats all over again.
Kevin: Well, that gave me a play
Kevin: Yeah, it is really it's except these horses aren't what I say that maybe they will wear horses or hats on
Kevin: I just I said this on on slack, but I could say it here to just this on the roots of Pacha
Kevin: I like how that signifies the
Kevin: The the you know basic human desire to put hats on animals. It's been established since since the old been dying
Kevin: Oh
Al: Yeah, obviously next next star sign island is back on steam
Kevin: Actually on that guy's enough. Yeah, yeah
Al: Woo, and it turns out it was the Tetris mini game that they've removed so
Al: Confirmation that apparently I what I can't be just like the concept of Tetris, right?
Al: It must be something specific about it because like I see like random Tetris likes all the time
Kevin: Yeah. So from what I understand, the Tetris company is very, well, two things. One, they are
Kevin: very protective of their IP. So the, the soul, like I mentioned, I'm not surprised this happened.
Kevin: And two, they're also very specific on their properties or like the, the characteristics that
Kevin: make up the Tetris. So I'm sure they have that very well defined legally and, and certain things,
Kevin: like, I think something like you can't just outright use the shapes. Again, there's,
Kevin: a lot of Tetris likes, but you know, you can use five blocks or, or instead of four blocks,
Kevin: shapes, but I think basically the four block shapes are very heavily.
Al: So it looks like the trade dress is specifically for the colors of the blocks, the board shape,
Al: and the visual style.
Kevin: mmm the shapes okay
Al: I don't see anything about the like the specific shapes of the shapes.
Al: The board being 20 by 10 grid and the shapes being specific colors.
Al: So I bet that's what it is.
Kevin: Oh, I was a color. It's absolutely because that's that's the easiest one to screw up
Al: Like those, what plays it five?
Al: Different colors there. Yeah, that's like if you're just yeah, if you're doing that, of course, that's what you can do by default
Al: If you're not even if you're not thinking about
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, if you just did the straight block as the light blue that yeah, that was a bad idea
Al: They also have a few patterns on things like holding a piece and something to do with the
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. That's, yeah. I don't like the holding piece. That's, that's very powerful.
Al: of rotating rotation, but there's no way the rotation itself.
Kevin: That I mean, you know, again, mechanics in general, probably should not be patentable, but
Al: Yeah, well, yeah, I mean if we want to get into this conversation the whole thing is stupid, right?
Kevin: uh, I can get, I don't even call it like patent or copyright, whatever. I'm missing words
Kevin: But, like, you know, I get...
Kevin: defending the colors and, like, the look of Tetris, because that's very iconic and defined.
Al: Yeah, that feels like it that feels like a trademark sort of thing like this is very distinctive. I get that totally get that
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: But, holding, yeah, that's no good.
Al: But the yeah the functions and like way a game works that feels less good
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Kevin: Well, good for you, Star Sand Island.
Kevin: You're back from the dead after Tetris.
Al: Yeah back up on steam and they've released their
Al: Shiting star outfit set.
Al: You can go and get the DLC for free.
Al: I'm done so.
Al: Who knows whether I'll actually ever be able to game again to see it.
Al: We'll see.
Kevin: This outfit is fine. I don't know. Nice jacket on top of it. What shirt in blue?
Al: I don't care. I'm not, I'm not, like, even if I do build the game, I'm probably not
Kevin: Bottles, what I would say. It's fine.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: use, it's like, yeah, I don't know. It looks, I tell you what it looks like. It looks
Al: like I'm graduating on a beach. Like, yeah, but like specifically for a school that's
Kevin: Yeah, something like yeah, it looks like a school uniform. Yeah. Oh
Al: on a beach.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right. Yeah, it is it's a very white
Al: Each beach school is what it gives.
Kevin: Light tone. Yeah, you're right. It doesn't help. They've used the blonde hair on those characters cuz
Al: Radical dude.
Kevin: A lot of pailness
Al: All right, our final game news.
Kevin: Oh great wait, you know what they should have done like this despite they should have
Al: No, I don't.
Kevin: You could have done an outfit with the Tetris colors. Maybe maybe flocking motif. I'm just saying just
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: With them the bird just a little
Kevin: Yeah, yeah might as well might as well I mean they already were taken down literally what's left? I know there's worse, but I'm just saying
Al: And our final game news is
Al: POCOPIA
Kevin: Whoo, I like that game
Al: They've announced they have announced stabilized gem hunt
Kevin: Yeah
Al: this this event runs from the 29th of April so that's
Al: The day this episode releases at 5 a.m. local time till
Al: The 14th of May so that's just over two weeks later. Is that two weeks in a day?
Kevin: He sounds... yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Is it's two weeks and it all that makes sense of course because it's just before 5am. So it's basically
Al: it two weeks, two weeks plus a day for some reason. And they have the right timings this
Al: time because I think for the last, the first event, they'd said finishes at like 8pm or something
Kevin: He said, "Yeah, yeah, that was their mistake."
Al: but it actually finished at 5am like, yeah, which makes sense, which is what I would have expected.
Al: I looked at the time and I was like, that's a weird time to finish the event. But finishing
Kevin: Yep, very weird, right?
Al: it just as the day starts again is what I would expect for these.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Kevin: So I mean, it's basically it's a heartbeat, right?
Kevin: It's just a heartbeat event, just with say, "Boy."
Al: Well, it's, it's also less than that though, right? Because with the hop of, hop of event,
Al: you went out, you got your little seeds or whatever they were, and you brought them back, and you got
Al: items to get other Pokemon. Whereas this one, you go in, you go out to get red crystal fragments,
Al: and you can get items, but they're not going to get any more Pokemon, like save a lie as the only
Kevin: You know, yeah, that's what it's about to say. It's kind of a shame that it's only say boy
Kevin: They probably could have done a few more that's put it on carbink. Maybe even dianci
Kevin: You know the whole gem thing
Kevin: So very it is kind of weird the only did one
Kevin: I've mentioned it before like any time you have a creature collector only adding one at a time feels a little and
Kevin: I mean even here. I know I'm pulling we already have a boat load
Kevin: but like, I think adding a whole line or, you know, three.
Kevin: You know, I don't know how frequently they're going to do it, but, you know, I think that excites me more than just say, "Well, I don't like say, "Well, I don't get me wrong," but, yeah, that is a disappointment, only one guy, 'cause, you know, again, I mean, Hopip was out, you're right at the start, basically, or whatever, enough for people playing daily, you know, that you finish it pretty quickly, what you want.
Kevin: So two weeks just to get one saved by a new
Kevin: and all this other nice furniture still, but it's it's it's a lot.
Kevin: Um, off sleeping bag that is pretty nice.
Al: Yeah, and also like nice furniture sure, but like are you actually going to use?
Kevin: Yeah, exactly, right?
Kevin: You can probably limit it, right?
Kevin: It's not, it's funny that probably out of all the DLC, the pseudo-woodo one is probably
Kevin: the biggest impact because I don't know.
Al: Oh, yeah, I forget that was an event because yeah, I love that love the wacky waving inflatable flailing arm tube man
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: It was one day.
Kevin: And I saw.
Kevin: I saw some people do-
Kevin: to do the same things with that pseudo-woodo, there, there, there, it's good. Um, so yeah, we know- no
Kevin: inflatable pseudo-wooda sorry, say-bla- um, where's my? My all should have been introduced.
Kevin: They're like, you know, the duo, the counterparts, that's what should have been. Um, they do- well,
Kevin: the biggest news though, is actually not in the game, because they're also releasing a, uh,
Kevin: say, "BLY dido face blush," and it's very good.
Kevin: Cute, like I say, it's a lot of dido face.
Al: I love that the digital face was, was like originally just a one off episode in the anime where
Al: it's like, oh, this digital is not very good at transforming.
Al: So it's face always looks the same and it's just be, it's become more than that.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: It's become like, this is a digital and it's like, that's not what it was meant to be.
Al: No, it was, it was the whole point of digital is there, good at what they do, but I kind
Kevin: Yeah
Al: of also can't hate it because it's so adorable.
Kevin: It is I wonder like
Kevin: Because I mean this was set early on because I know there's the one episode, but Pokemon the original Pokemon snap
Kevin: Had the ditto face in it. Let's not forget like they they they approve these
Kevin: that early. So I wonder if they just pivoted really quick or they're
Kevin: kind of thinking like hey we can do it.
Al: have a look shall we. So it was episode 37 and when did Pokemon snap come out came
Kevin: But
Kevin: know. Yeah, I'm sure it's after us. Yeah. So yeah, I guess, yeah, I mean, but how
Al: out in 1999 so it was afterwards so yeah the the interface in the anime
Kevin: could you not like even in that one episode, they use it like really good. So yeah, I get it,
Kevin: but it is funnier, right? Because it does whole thing is being able to transform and copy perfectly,
Kevin: but you get the message. And what's weird is that even in game that did a hand transform into like,
Kevin: other objects perfectly, but just whenever transforms and other put living things, it keeps the
Kevin: face. I don't know. What's up with that? Um, it's right. Cause when you use the, the, the, the, and a flaw is
Kevin: you, you transform into the objects, you don't have a ditto face on the, you know, street light,
Kevin: you copy it or whatever. But, uh, there you go. That, that makes sense.
Al: The face is on the bottom.
Al: I saw somewhere about a head cannon about the book will be a digital,
Al: and it's not that they can't do it.
Al: And so, seeing as how you spend the whole game with people going like,
Al: "Oh, you're a hero," "Oh, no, you're just a digital."
Al: It's that that wouldn't work if you were actually transforming properly with the face.
Al: and so it's more that digital doesn't want to trick.
Al: They're doing it purely for the the helpfulness of it.
Al: I also saw someone else do a much sadder head cannon which is just that they can't remember their trainers face.
Kevin: Yeah, that's the one I buy in Zoo, uh, which is yeah.
Al: And they've just kind of gone into the habit of using it for everything else.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's, uh, I mean, yeah, I mean, again, the whole
Kevin: little thing is an existential nightmare to be in with.
Kevin: Um, I do wish, you know what, that's how copious it would be a
Kevin: lot of work, but it would be fun to transform and you have a
Kevin: very limited amount of Pokemon you could turn into.
Kevin: it would be fun to be all the transforming to others.
Kevin: So they're Pokemon with the ditto face just to run around, you know, basically different skins, but that's work, I get it.
Kevin: Save while I sit in cutie is not available.
Al: Yeah, I don't, obviously, I'm not a game developer.
Al: And so I don't tend to deal with, you know, 3D models and animations and stuff like that.
Al: But like, it's not like they don't have all these Pokemon animated because every individual
Al: Pokemon exists and does things in the real world.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right, you're right.
Kevin: That is a good point.
Al: So it's not like they have to animate every single Pokemon.
Al: They're already animated, right?
Kevin: Yeah, you're right.
Kevin: That's an excellent point.
Kevin: It's, I mean, again, I'm not a 3D animator either,
Kevin: but I imagine changing the face to the dido faces
Kevin: and it's the hardest thing in the world to do.
Kevin: You could at least use a handful, I would imagine.
Al: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know about that bit.
Kevin: But yeah, that's a good point.
Kevin: Oh man, hold up.
Kevin: This just reminds me it was Assassin's Creed. I don't remember which one, but there was an interview with one of the devs where they were asked like, "Why can't you just have a select to be their male or female for this Assassin's Creed?"
Kevin: I don't think it was named character or whatever. Anyways, and the dev response, because it would take, "Why's the work to female for the whole game?"
Kevin: Um, which was just obviously silly, but I'm just, I'm just reminded of this.
Kevin: Yeah, the nonsense that comes out of depth.
Al: Yeah, I also find it funny. It's like, oh, because it would be a lower work. And I'm like, yeah, making and game is a lower work.
Kevin: It is that too there and then there's that
Al: Right? Like, why do you have multiple different areas in your game, because it makes it more fun?
Al: Like, yeah, this is just, it's like, if it mattered to you, having representation, you would do it.
Al: Right. We're going to finish off the game, the game. We're going to finish off the episode with four new games to talk about,
Al: although we're going to start off with not a new game. It's just a game we've never talked about.
Al: This is actually an old game that was suggested by Nami as a game to cover at some point.
Al: So I'm going to talk about it. This is monster harvest. I don't know how I missed this. This was released in
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know how he missed it.
Al: 2021. Probably missed it because it has mixed reviews, shall we say.
Kevin: Oh, and a name that doesn't stand out.
Al: My pretty generic monster harvest is a monster collecting and farming action RPG with a twist.
Al: Effect and mutate your crops, then take them into battle filled with places to discover
Al: and multiple ways to build your farm, get ready to craft, explore and battle across the vibrant
Al: world of plannimal point. Me also.
Kevin: I hate that, I hate playing a more, it's a lot of great, yeah.
Al: So there's a few things to talk about this. The farming looks pretty generic other than the fact
Kevin: I will.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: that your plants turn into creatures. I like some of these creatures designed.
Kevin: This is.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: First of all, I like the concept because you are planting and farming.
Kevin: And not every, I think, plant turns into a plant in a mold like you harvest crops
Kevin: through just, you can mutate some of them.
Kevin: It's fun idea.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Shaney's.
Kevin: Yeah, I guess so.
Kevin: Some of the designs are good.
Kevin: It's very poor theme it feels like.
Kevin: Not all of them, but a lot of them leans into that little more.
Kevin: Like bats and genuine sort of monsters, it feels like.
Kevin: But yeah, I like the, I like.
Kevin: Well, okay.
Kevin: The visual style is interesting because there's a few different parts.
Kevin: It feels basically octopath that kind of went 2.5D.
Kevin: Not exactly isometric, but still a lot of sprite art, but you can clearly see 3D models or stuff popping up, or it looks like a 3D model.
Kevin: But the pixel art itself is kind of...it's not Octopath, let's say that.
Kevin: Not that every game needs to be, but it's weird, because a lot of the characters and the monsters, they don't feel as detailed as to say a lot of the trees or the backgrounds.
Kevin: It's kind of weird, I don't know, it doesn't always feel coherent.
Kevin: And then, of course, you have the portrait art, because you know how these games go.
Kevin: And that's a whole different style.
Al: Yeah
Al: It's interesting. So one of the one of the things I'm seeing in the reviews about it being negative is that your your monsters or your
Al: Planimals and
Al: They they have to die eventually
Kevin: What oh dang
Al: So this guy says the battle system is related to your farm in a morbid way
Al: Once your planimals need to die in order to improve your farm
Al: It's annoying to let them die once you
Kevin: But that's that takes some guts to do that. I'll say that. Um, like on paper, I, I kind of admire them for doing that because that's a, yeah, that's quite a inversion of this sort of trope, but or this genre, but like, even just from a gameplay perspective. Yeah, investing a lot of time into.
Al: spend a lot of time training them.
Kevin: Creature and then having to get rid of it. It's kind of rough.
Al: I'm gonna have to play this game
Kevin: Maybe.
Al: All right, well, I'll keep you up to date. Blah blah blah. Next up
Al: Speaking of things that I will probably play we have
Al: typing farmer
Kevin: Ah, wait.
Al: Welcome
Al: Welcome to typing farmer. This desktop idol healing game will make a corner of your screen a cozy farm
Al: Your daily actions, typing and clicking automatically foster crop growth,
Al: to animals, to play with you, a type of really weird sentence,
Al: attract cute animals, play with you, let the healing charm of adorable creatures infuse your intense workdays.
Kevin: Yeah, that was the mistake of some kind.
Al: He's a painful paragraph to read.
Kevin: Yeah, it's.
Al: Yeah, so it's a background, it's a rusty-like, but instead of time, it uses your keyboard typing.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: He strokes, which I think is a cool idea.
Al: It's a good idea, but I also think that makes this game a key logger.
Kevin: Yeah, I've done.
Al: Don't type your passwords.
Kevin: Just stop now. We're gonna start
Kevin: [Laughter]
Kevin: Oh, no!
Kevin: You're ready!
Kevin: But I have to, Ow!
Kevin: I have to type my password to grow the little potato.
Al: [laughs]
Al: Take your bank in for as well.
Kevin: [Laughter]
Kevin: And then you get the little birdie on it.
Al: Yeah, and I think the problem is like how would we know if it wasn't if it was keylogging?
Kevin: Oh, that's, oh, is it in a phase?
Kevin: Is this game nefarious?
Kevin: Oh, maybe.
Kevin: What that cow is--
Al: I really hope not because it looks really cute. I want to play this but I also don't really want to install a keylogger on my machine
Kevin: see that cat with the fishing on the sides, very cuter.
Kevin: Look, the cat's wearing sunglasses.
Kevin: Okay, I think it might be the sun.
Al: I love this. There's a negative review on it with, I kid you not, 71 hours on record,
Kevin: Told you to.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: ultra mid. The game is a lazy black background clicker. It has random features not related
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: anyhow to the game like a to do list with a pomodoro timer. It's a very basic concept with barely
Al: polished core features. Nothing more than easier achievements. I feel like they didn't understand
Al: what they were getting into, like that's the whole point. It literally calls itself an idle game.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, like
Al: what are you doing?
Al: It's too unhealthy. Why are you making unhealthy chocolate cake?
Kevin: I bought this chocolate cake, but it tastes too much like chocolate
Al: Of course, it has a to-do list in a Pomodotal timer.
Al: It's meant to be a background game for when you're working,
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, my.
Al: so it's integrating other work features into it.
Al: What are you doing?
Al: It does seem to be specifically logging it like showing you
Al: like I'm seeing it being played and it does seem to know which characters being typed as well. It's not just like knowing that things are typing. It's knowing individual characters. So yeah, I'm very worried that this would be a cozy key logger. I think we know the title of this episode was a key logger.
Kevin: Yeah, that's, you know, I always got to admire, I got it. Okay, so if we, if this were not
Kevin: nefarious, right, I do think I actually, you know what, back in the day, right, those typing games
Kevin: to help you learn how to type, which I think has kind of been lost, which is a shame, but I think
Kevin: this would be a great idea for that, teaching kids how to type, using farming, like, I think that
Kevin: that would be very cool.
Kevin: Um, because yeah, that kind of like you just you see if you look at the game like really the farm is the keyboard like you know
Kevin: They're just showing you your farms are keyboard and little plots are different keys and and whatnot
Kevin: Yeah, I think I think that's a cool idea. I don't know this specific execution is good, but
Kevin: There's something here
Al: There is something here. I'm not sure what the something is. It might be crime.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: It might be... I... there is...
Kevin: an unusually high amount that we encounter on this show while things consider...
Al: All right, next we have Kataria Fables 2.
Al: You may or may not guess, but this is the sequel to Kataria Fables.
Al: Team up with new heroes Alice and Dusty as they embark on an epic adventure across the
Al: mysterious Arcadera Peninsula.
Al: Develop unique combat skills, gather precious materials, forge powerful items and tend to your
Al: So growing farm either at low.
Al: I still haven't played the first of these games, but I want to.
Kevin: I haven't either
Kevin: It it looks well done. I'll say that like I'm just looking at this and
Kevin: It's 3d and and you can play with a friend co-op, which is cool
Kevin: Yeah, it looks like some good old-fashioned fantasy farming cottage nonsense and also first
Al: It's going to be really hard to choose a title in this episode also for these is not
Kevin: [Laughter]
Al: better or worse than we buy a lind I
Al: Wow. Wow. All right. And finally, and finally, we have Silicone Heart, which is currently
Kevin: I'm just saying
Al: on Kickstarter. It has 18 days to go and it's not at half the money yet, so I don't
Al: Oh, it could still get there, but that, uh, we'll see, silicone heart is a cyber
Al: farming sim where you fix robots grow techno plants, automate farm and rebuild life on a junk yard planet. And I don't know
Al: it's gonna be difficult here not to do this one. I have not done any farming game kickstarters yet this year. Will this break the streak?
Kevin: I'm looking at the video. I can tell you if it will. Yeah, I don't know. Oh, that's a fun premise. He gets
Kevin: Something you just that's really bad design. Just have a button on the floor and like open the nail lock and he's dropped into space
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: That is really bad design. Wow. I'm not talking the game. It's like in theory like
Kevin: Wow
Kevin: Yeah, this looks like this is Wally the game like if what if you were Wally, but you're not a robot
Kevin: Once you have to eat and junk.
Kevin: This feels, wait, how are there other robots?
Kevin: Yeah, it's getting some pancakes, they look pretty good.
Kevin: Yeah, it is the one guy and nothing but robots.
Kevin: What is, that is a horrifying monkey robot.
Kevin: I don't know what's going on there.
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know, this is fun.
Al: yeah i'm intrigued as to see what like what how what how what is what i'm trying to see
Al: how many different robots are there how custom are you making them are like I need to know the
Al: level of complexity in the world
Kevin: Well, I'm seeing a lot there. There's two kinds of general pick kinds of robots. I would say like there's the villagers that are robots
Kevin: But also you're clearly using drones and stuff to help you with farming
Al: You're you're building robots as well as part of that and so so that's my question if you're building robots how much
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Flexibility do you have in that?
Kevin: I
Kevin: Oh, well, I don't know flexibility. I don't know if you're customizing how much you're customizing, but I'm seeing there's a little water
Al: Well, that's why I need to know.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a good point
Kevin: Yeah, that that would kind of be the cherry hunt up of all this wood in it. Yeah, I don't know
Kevin: I
Kevin: There's a lot of variety in what is we are seeing though, and that's pretty cool
Kevin: um
Kevin: Yeah, and you can just pick them up and drop them wherever that that's fine
Kevin: I think it's interesting. Um the one thing I'm concerned about there's hearts popping out of one robot did I that may be your robot wife
Kevin: I'm a little concerned, but
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: - You know.
Al: Well, look, if you're all alone,
Kevin: - Yeah, well, yeah, yeah, I'm not alone.
Al: gotta have some companionship.
Kevin: - Yeah, I'm not judging, that was a Twilight Zone episode,
Kevin: and you know what?
Kevin: So be it, yeah, I'm not judging him,
Kevin: but it makes sense, given that's it, yeah.
Al: I saw one bit where he's got robot parts on him as well, the main character, so it looks like
Al: you're cybernetically enhancing yourself.
Kevin: Guys, yeah, you're suiting up for sure you're building
Kevin: a robot suit or something, because yeah, there's probably
Kevin: going to be combat of some kind.
Kevin: Looks like there's a boss or two.
Kevin: Yeah, this has potential.
Kevin: One person, all robots.
Kevin: Yeah, that's a fun little premise.
Kevin: Then you're still building up a farm.
Kevin: I don't know how there's a robot bar, but there is.
Kevin: Yeah, I look like the robots have been kind of building
Al: - Well, you know, the robots got to be able to drink.
Kevin: own civilization down here, really.
Kevin: That'll be interesting.
Kevin: That was Wally's mistake.
Kevin: You didn't even start the bar.
Kevin: Things would have been different from Silicon Heart.
Kevin: Cool.
Al: Yeah, this potential, it's going to be difficult not to back it. This one for me, I think.
Kevin: Yeah, potential, I like it.
Al: We'll see how it goes. So, estimated, I think the alpha is estimated delivery August of
Al: this year, and the fill game November of next year.
Kevin: So November 2030? (laughs)
Al: Yeah, who knows. Don't buy based on the date. Never buy a game based on a future release.
Al: All right, we will, we will keep you up to date. We'll see where that goes, and I will keep you up
Al: to date as to whether I have purchased it or not. 18 days to go. So, that is, I mean, the 13th of me,
Kevin: Oh my gosh.
Kevin: Ow, I was, I think, well, we don't want to remind,
Kevin: let's try to remind people when it's nearing the end
Kevin: because that's when people buy.
Kevin: Ow, I was making the joke.
Kevin: It's not a joke.
Kevin: It literally, there's literally in the video,
Kevin: there's the sign to the best wife ever.
Kevin: You've made a robot wife.
Al: Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think there are many hints in the videos to what it was. I think yeah, the first one
Kevin: I didn't see that.
Kevin: Oh, I missed the sign.
Kevin: Oh, good heavens.
Kevin: - Okay.
Al: you're like, okay, and then no, then it's very clear for the best, but as you seem to you seem like you first
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: find her and not like a tube you're like saving her so maybe it's like so many so many ethical problems here.
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: What's a big, it's a bigger existential neighbor.
Kevin: Nightmare robot one for Ditto person.
Kevin: That's definitely a good deal.
Al: Ditto wife would be the worst, possibly.
Kevin: Oh
Kevin: No, no, we're not far from there
Kevin: We're not far. You don't know the Pokemon
Al: Who's not far from there, Kevin?
Al: Why do you have a Ditto wife?
Kevin: Pokemon how many Pokemon how here's a question. Here's a question for you. How many Pokemon characters are actually did? Oh, you don't know
Kevin: It's a comfortable thing about but the answer is probably more than zero
Al: Misty. All right. I think that's us. Thank you, Kevin, for joining me to talk about all that we talked
Kevin: Maybe.
Kevin: I'm going to stop there. I'm going to stop my own sentence. Thank you. I'm going to go find me if you care. You know what I've seen on Twitter. I'm still there unfortunately. But never known then I get the algorithm or waves of stuff. People talk about the speed race or movie. I don't know why it popped up.
Al: about today. Is there anything you would like to share with the audience?
Kevin: That was awesome. I love the speed race or movie. Don't check out the speed race or movie.
Al: So wait, people, people were using Twitter for more than just sharing the new avatar film.
Kevin: I didn't watch it, but well, we'll touch.
Al: I also have not currently watched it, and it's all I will say about that.
Kevin: I'll tell them things.
Al: You can find the podcast on tumblr and on blue sky at THSPod.
Al: You can send us feedback from our website, harfzccson.club, where you can also find links
Al: to everything you do with the podcast, including a link to our patreon patreon.com/thspod.
Al: I think that's everything.
Al: Thank you again for joining me.
Kevin: Slack, greenhouse, the things that go on it.
Al: Oh, yeah, on Patreon you get, yeah, of course, y'all.
Al: So, on Patreon you get access to the Slack and the bonus episodes of the podcast, sometime.
Al: Look, it's been a busy year, alright?
Kevin: Okay, that's literally the last minute. I'm losing your eye. You're good. It's these headphones I can tell
Al: All right. Can you hear me now?
Kevin: Good have wow, what a way to end the show. Thank you. I'm rapping on
Al: Have a good harvest!
Kevin: It would have a good. I'm talking over Al. I'm sure here
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Kevin: There you are. I heard you bye everyone
Theme Tune: pro-farmers, Kevin Stewart, Analisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Al: Welcome to typing farmer
Al: The idle desktop healing sorry this desktop idle healing game will make a corner of your screen a quote a
Al: Corner of your screen a cozy farm your daily actions typing and clicking automatically foster crop growth
Al: Oh, for good to say what is with words today?
Kevin: - Yeah, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Al: Let me try that again